converted Jazzicon component to functional component and added story (#15638)
MetaMask/metamask-extension: ui/components/ui/jazzicon/README.mdx

import { Story, Canvas, ArgsTable } from '@storybook/addon-docs';

import Jazzicon from './jazzicon.component';

# Jazzicon

> Jazzicon component is a wrapper around the jazzicon library to return a React component.

Reviewer: I think we can be a little more descriptive about what a Jazzicon is here. Always helps to add a link when we use a reference too.

```suggestion
Jazzicon uses the [jazzicon library](https://github.com/MetaMask/jazzicon) to create a graphic identity of an ethereum address
```
